Docsite: replace Latin phrases to English (#71588)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_program_flow_modules.rst

.. note:: In Ansible, up to version 2.0.x, the official Python modules used the
    :ref:`module_replacer` framework.  For module authors, :ref:`Ansiballz` is
    largely a superset of :ref:`module_replacer` functionality, so you usually

>     do not need to know about one rather than the other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    do not need to understand the differences between them.
```
